# Mobile-Video-Restoration


## Definition of the Challenge
 
The aim of this challenge is to solicit original contributions addressing restoration of mobile videos that will help improve the quality of experience of video viewers and advance the state-of-the-art in video restoration. Although quality degradation of videos occurs in various phases (e.g., capturing, encoding, storage, transmitting, etc.), we simplify the problem in this challenge as a post-processing problem. 

## Challenge Description

Mobile internet has been infiltrating and changing people’s lives. For instance, capturing and sharing videos has became a new trend. In fact, huge amount of video is being generated and consumed every day. However, compared with videos generated by professionals, mobile videos may suffer from low quality since they can be generated by unskilled amateurs with low-end capture devices under poor shooting condition. Also, contents being shared across different platforms or social networks may be transcoded multiple times, which may result in serious quality degradation.


## Rules of Participation
 
A set of degraded videos captured by mobile devices will be given to participants, where the degradation may come from multiple sources. Partial decoding information will also be provided and we encourage the participants to utilize the information. Participants are requested to recover the high-quality version of degraded videos. We are interested in all kinds of mobile video restoration algorithms: from traditional signal processing to deep learning approaches.


## Evaluation Criteria
 
Restoration results of each proposal will be evaluated using objective (e.g., PSNR/SSIM) and subjective (MOS) quality metrics. The speed of each algorithm given limited resources will also be measured. The alogrithm will be run on the machine of GeForce GTX 1080 Ti or Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2680 v4 @ 2.40GHz, on which is in favor of your alogorithm.

We emphasize both the the quality of the restored videos and the usablity of the algorithm in real world. So we will sort the submitted propsals in two categories. In category one, we will rank the proposals based only on restored video qualities. In category two, we will rank the proposals based on both qualities and also speeding/efficiency (e.g., 720p@30 fps on our daily server set-up mentioned above).

## Awards
 
TBD.
 
## Submission Guidelines
 
Register site: https://goo.gl/forms/bonVIfWwsmYO2JeB2
 
Submissions should provide **restoration results** of corresponding degraded videos, **source code**, **training/inferencing scripts**, **models** and any other necessary files if applicable to reproduce the results. Detailed **technical description and complexity analysis** in the form of a short paper are also required for evaluation.

Participants are encouraged to submit a paper on their proposal (not mandatory) following ICIP 2019 guidelines. The authors of the companion papers will be notified after a technical review process and the authors of the accepted papers need to prepare a camera-ready version so that their papers can be published by IEEEXplore under the name of "International Conference on Image Processing Challenges (ICIPC)". For the exact formatting guidelines (e.g., template, page limit, etc.), refer to the ICIP 2019 Website (http://2019.ieeeicip.org).

## Materials/Dataset URL
Dataset of degraded videos can be downloaded from: https://github.com/ICIPChallenge2019/Mobile-Video-Restoration
 
## Submission Site
Comming soon... (To be opened on 13 May 2019)

## Important Dates
 **13 May 2019**   Deadline for pre-registration to the Challenge\
 **13 May 2019**   Submission site open\
 **27 May 2019**   Deadline for submission of solutions to the Challenge for evaluation\
 **27 May 2019**   Deadline for submission of accompanying paper for possible publication at ICIP 2019 (optional) \
 **01 July 2019**  Notification of acceptance of the Challenge submission and accompanying papers (optional)\
 **15 July 2019**  Camera ready submission of accepted papers (optional)\
 **22 Sep 2019**   Announcement of the Challenge results, presentations, awards 

